Welcome to Operations Analytics.
My name is Noah Dans.
>> I'm Sergei Sevons.
>> And I'm Senthil Veeraraghavan.
>> We are faculty in the Operations,
Information and
Decisions department
at the Wharton School.
We are very excited to
have you in the course.
>> Here's what our course is all about.
We'll go over a number of problems that
are important to people in operations.
We'll have a detailed look at one of
the fundamental problems in operations
called the news vendor problem.
We'll also introduce you to
a range of related problems,
resource allocation network management and
capacity planning.
>> As we discuss these topics
we'll introduce you to methods
that will help you tackle a wide
variety of problems in operations
as well as other business functions.
First, we'll look at how
descriptive analytics
help you to characterize your data and
to forecast future events.
>> Then we'll discuss how predictive and
prescriptive analytics help you
to evaluate alternatives and
to select the best course of action both
in low and in high uncertainty settings.
In addition,
we'll introduce you to software
tools that implement this methods.
>> The course sessions include
lectures that introduce concepts
as well as illustrative examples.
We'll extensively use Excel
to analyze these examples.
Throughout the course,
we'll be posting Excel template files
that should be useful to you
as you review the examples.
In particular,
we suggest that you download these
templates ahead of the lectures so
you can follow along.
>> By the end of the course, you'll be
very familiar with important problems and
operations and with analytics methods for
tackling them.
>> Welcome once again.